Find out what sd the memory stick is. In the following instructions it's sdc.

Unmount memory Stick

su
chmod 666 /dev/sdc1
chmod 666 /dev/sdc

chmod 777 usb.vmdk
chmod 666 /dev/sdc
Attach usb.vmdk virtualbox machine

chmod 666 /dev/sdc
Start virtualbox machine
After done, reset sdc1 permission for security:

chmod 660 /dev/sdc1
In the above you can see that I had to reset the permissions for the memory stick a few times, because it would get set back to root each time.

I'm using Mandriva Linux, but it should be about the same in Ubuntu


Boot from a USB Flash Drive in VirtualBox (Linux Host)
The following was performed from a running Ubuntu Operating environment. The same should work for most Debian/Ubuntu Linux based environments.

Open a Terminal and type sudo apt install virtualbox
(Or you can visit the virtualbox download section for other options)
Type sudo fdisk -l (note which device is your USB drive I.E. /dev/sdb)
Type vboxmanage internalcommands createrawvmdk -filename ~/usb.vmdk -rawdisk /dev/sdx (replacing sdx with your actual drive letter from step 4)
Type virtualbox to start the program, and proceed create a New Virtual Machine


o add your user to the vboxusers group, run the following command:

sudo usermod -a -G vboxusers username
To add your user to the disk group, run the following command:

Note: Adding your user to the disk group can be dangerous and a security risk. It is as dangerous as having sudo access to write to a raw disk.

sudo usermod -a -G disk username
Then you MUST REBOOT your system in order for the changes to take effect.


